Work do to as of 17/8
					Try using validation set on model -->Kuntal
					Identify new classes of fruits and vegetables and download data for the same close to 20fruits and 20 veggies

					Option 1:
						Append new images to existing dataset such that each class now has ~1k images for training
						Code to make all category data same ready

					Option 2:
						Use existing images to augment the same to generate equal no of images at end
						Augmentaion Code needs to be explored

					Option 3:
						Use the existing dataset but on different models and sees it working for same no of epochs.


					Retrain again and see performance

					We already have one model giving close to 76%accuracy save that and try intergating
					Simulatenously work on the app to show some models working

Work to do as on 20/08
				First get clear filtered images of all new classes of fruits and vegggies
				Split to test and val
				Retrain Model when we have data ready
				Start Learning AS working
				Build an small scale app to first make use of camera.
				Explore on how model trained in python can be added to app.
				Rough Design of all pages(not real implemnteation).--> Vijay and Skanda
				Get PPT.
				Database Exploration.
				


Expected to show on 29:

	Show diff models comparasion
	Rough Design of all pages(not real implemnteation)
	Login->Estalish->Cart->AddiTem->How add item->
	Camera module+Mi Model.
	Think about how cloud can be used to manage Database and Model if stored. 

Ensemble Learning
Data Visualization.
Database conection exploring. If possible show entry of item + weight into Database.




Work done so far:
	Get necessary images from skanda and vijay
	Change directory structure as fruits and vegetables
	Tried Uploading entire dataset on drive to work on Colab(Failed multiple tries with unzip,Folder upload..)
	Explored about Mobilenet v2
	Implemented MobilenetV2 on local system for 5 and 10 epochs giving accuracy of(68-77)
	Retrained with metric changed to sparse_categorical_accuracy and different Optimizer
		Sparse_categorical_accuracy(68% for 1 epoch)
		normal_accurcay(49.12 for 1 epoch)
	Ran all this on local system using CPU which took a lot of time for each epoch
	Tried customized model a simpler version to see the working obtained accuracy of ~49% for 2 epochs
	Retried uploading all images to drive from other laptop
	Started exploring on using bing_images_download,simple_images_download to extract images 
	Came across Selenium and Beautifulsoup to extract images from google images and create dataset of needed size
	Faced Problems with using .screnshot as resolution changed or modified code to use original resolution images.
	Fixed or debugged the changes to get desired number of images.
	Git Issues fixed by creating branches
	Tried InceptionV3 model to see the accuracy which can be acheived.
	Acheived an accuracy of 94% on test data which also worked out reasonably well with real life images.
	Base and MobilenetV2 has been used to acheive the same but gave bad accuracy so left them out.
	We have 4 models saved (BaseModel 5,10 epochs, MobilenetV2 5epochs and InceptionV3 5epochs)
	Using Beautifulsoup to extract images for the classes not present frm Gimages took time with multiple crashes of browser.
	So after a long wait we have images of the classes newly added each around 400-600 images downloaded without filtering.
	Data Vizualtion. 
	Combine new dataset.
	Trained InceptionV3 on new dataset acheiving accuracy of 90%.
	Tried MobilenetV2 and EfficientNet on dataset with augumentation.
	Built an app with button to choose image and mixed it with the model developed on python
	H5 to .tflite conversion
	Reconvert image to desired style to work with tflite in Java
	recreated new dataset which is combination of all train+test+val
	Retrained the model n dataset
	Tested model working with static image frm folder in phone using app
	Integrate model to work with images clicked with camera in app.
	Created 2 new models MobilenetV3 Large and nasnetmobile to see working.
	 



	   
	

git add .
git commit -m
Check if main some changes are there. If there create an PR from main to ur branch
git fetch
git pull 
git push

Fruits:
	Apple
	Banana
	Custard Apple
	Fig
	Grapes
	Jackfruit
	Mango
	Orange
	Papaya
	Pear 
	Pineapple
	Strawberry
	Watermelon
	MuskMelon
	Mosambi
	Pomegranate
	DragonFruit
	Kiwi
	Guava
	Sapodilla
	
Veggies:
	Beans
	Bittergourd
	BottleGourd
	Brinjal
	Brocolli
	Cabbage
	Capsicum
	Carrot
	Cauliflower
	Cucumber
	Lemon
	Onion
	Peas
	Potato
	Pumpkin
	Radish
	Tomato
	Okra
	Beetroot
	Garlic
	Ginger
	Sweet Potato
	






	

